[flames crackling]
[rhythmic, brooding music plays]
Hmm.
They've taken our town, our homes.
Now we show them what they can never take.
[all] Yeah!
At least
one of you had better survive this.
I still need to get paid.
I fear your hope for remittance
rests entirely on Saki now
and her protector.
[wind whistling]
[Yasuke] Azuchi Castle.
["Black Gold" by Flying Lotus plays]
♪ Brought in a world ♪
♪ World so brand new
Endless possibilities ♪
♪ A whole new identity ♪
♪ Can't you see? ♪
♪ Black gold of the sun ♪
♪ Open up your eyes ♪
♪ Open up your heart ♪
♪ And feel the sunshine ♪
♪ Black diamond ♪
♪ I just want to be ♪
♪ Where I'm supposed to be ♪
♪ And that's right here with you ♪
♪ Don't mistake my kindness for weakness ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm strong, you see ♪
♪ Stronger than you'll ever be ♪
♪ Loyal to me ♪
♪ Someone to call my friend ♪
♪ Whenever you need me ♪
♪ I'll be right here ♪
♪ Love and loyalty ♪
♪ Trust and honesty ♪
♪ I'll never let go ♪
It's time.
[rapid percussive music plays]
You would abandon your position?
This is your plan?
Let us all get overrun
while you pray for your own salvation?
[grunts]
[energy blasting]
Hmm!
[otherworldly clashing]
-[rumbling]
-[man grunts]
[Morisuke] Your spiritual power is great,
but you use it only as a weapon,
even when it would be better used
as a shield.
[whooshing]
[crying out]
There's a saying among my people, Doctor.
"No matter how hard the shield,
with enough time,
any blade will get through it."
-How do we get through all this?
-Stay here.
-That's the opposite of getting through.
-You stay here.
[Saki yelps]
[thudding]
[Yasuke straining]
[crackling]
[shimmering sound]
[boom]
What the hell?
-Ambush! He fights for the enemy!
-Wait. No! Don't shoot!
Hold your fire! It isn't me!
I'm not doing this!
-[Yasuke] Now we go.
-[yelps]
[clamor of battle]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[groans]
[grunting]
-[grunts]
-[clinks]
[all shouting]
[rumbling]
[shimmering sound]
[all shouting]
Show-off.
[shimmering sound]
-[bang]
-[crash]
[clattering]
[sighs, pants]
Hey, listen.
You'll get to rest soon. I promise.
You just need to keep your strength
for a short while longer. Can you do that?
Mm-hmm.
Good.
Tell me where to find the Daimyo.
Hmm.
[shimmering sound]
-[gasps]
-[thrumming]
-Where is she?
-Everywhere.
[crackling]
Ah!
[sharp rippling sound]
[sighs] Hey, what--
[exhales]
[sighs, gasps]
Yassan, are you okay?
-[gasps]
-[snarling]
[energized electronic music plays]
-[Yasuke grunting]
-[snarls]
-[Yasuke grunts]
-Yassan?
-[grunts]
-Yassan!
-[grunting]
Yassan!
Iga soldiers. What are they doing here?
Wha--? Uh… [sighs]
That always was your way.
To follow your first instinct.
Act from your gut.
[laughs] Come now, my friend.
From that look,
one would think you've never seen a ghost!
[gasps]
Surely you must have known
I wasn't entirely finished
with this world.
Or is it the other way around?
My lord.
I come here to help you defeat the Daimyo
who usurped me.
-[Yasuke, whispering] How?
-[Saki] Who are you talking to?
Come.
Time, as always, fights against us.
[grunts]
What's happening?
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
My lord, you're…
[Nobunaga] Alive?
Matters of such importance
are rarely so cut and dry.
I am still your kaishakunin.
No!
There is only one way
to break these bonds.
Destroy Hojo Masako,
whose power sustains them.
You must free me, Yasuke.
You must kill the Daimyo.
[Saki] Yassan!
I won't just leave you, Yassan.
It's you.
-[whooshing]
-[Saki grunting]
-[jarring clash]
-[screams, panting]
[whoosh]
-[whizz]
-[screams]
[shimmering pulse]
[shimmering sound]
[mellow electronic music playing]
It's her.
[screams]
[shouts]
-[rumbling]
-[man] Whoa!
You know how to make a big wall.
I'll give you that.
We have to give them more time.
They need more time.
Something tells me they don't have it.
[groans]
[all shouting]
[Huh?]
[thunderous roar]
[all groaning]
[crackling]
[all shouting]
Steady!
What are you doing?
Now we try my way.
-Mmm.
-[pulsing, supernatural hum]
[rumbling]
[snarls]
[shimmering sound]
Stop it!
It's me, Saki! Can't you see me?
He has abandoned you, like they all do.
He cares only for his own ends.
[grunting]
[Daimyo] Just like your parents
when they sold you.
[shimmering sound intensifies]
[gasps] Yasuke!
[both grunt]
-[shimmering sound]
-[Yasuke straining]
[Daimyo] You begin to understand.
There's only one way to stop the samurai.
You must kill him.
Bring your blade down into her heart.
[Daimyo] You do not need him.
End him and set yourself free.
No!
[shattering, tinkling]
[Yasuke grunts]
He's my friend.
[muttering]
Yasuke, don't do this.
No. This…
This isn't real.
It can't be. It's some kind of trick.
It's not a trick.
-[gasps lightly]
-[Natsumaru] It's your own memory.
Natsumaru?
You have honor.
You try to do the right thing,
even when you have to fight yourself.
You helped your friends. Like me.
[Yasuke] You're not--
You're not really here.
Even if there could be forgiveness
for what I've done,
you aren't here to grant it.
"All we can do now is act
as she would have wanted."
"As they would have wanted."
You said that to me once.
[gasps softly]
Kill her.
She's the one
who helped Mitsuhide betray us.
The Hojo Daimyo must die.
Yes.
She must!
[straining]
[laughing]
Did you think that was
the whole of my strategy?
I merely thought to amuse myself
as I turned the girl's power to mine.
But I can just as easily
rip it from her body.
[Saki groans softly]
Are you all right? Did I hurt you?
-No.
-[flames flickering]
[loud crash]
-[hissing]
-[disquieting music plays]
[rumbling]
[high-pitched shrieking]
[Yasuke groans]
[creaking]
[gasps] Saki!
-[shimmering sound]
-[whooshing]
[Saki groaning]
-[grunts]
-[yelps]
[ethereal music plays]
Neither of us
is strong enough to beat her.
What do we do, Yassan?
We beat her together.
Together.
-[whooshing]
-[gasps]
[shimmering sound]
[shimmering bursts]
[warm, upbeat electronic music plays]
[pulsing whoosh]
[Yasuke grunting]
[shouts]
[exhales]
[yelling]
[shimmering pulse]
[otherworldly clashing]
Enough!
[whirring]
[pulsing blasts]
-[Saki screams]
-[Yasuke grunts]
[groaning]
[rumbling]
[snarls]
[roars]
[boom]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[diminishing, pulsing sound]
[rumbling steps approaching]
You earned your payment, Shaman.
Too bad I can't take it with me.
If we must give our lives,
then we do so proudly
in the temple of our ancestors.
[mellow music playing]
[Daimyo] I cannot understand it.
The insistence
in believing these illusions,
when the true relation of nature
remains what it has always been.
Power.
I will make the girl's power my own.
[pulsing sound]
[shouts]
[sustained blasting]
[grunts softly]
[straining]
[shouts]
[pulsing whooshing]
[Daimyo shouts]
[groans, coughs]
[retches, coughs]
[whooshing]
[somber music plays]
[distant whooshing]
[pulsing hum]
[laughing maniacally]
[echoing laughter continues]
[shimmering sound]
[shimmering sound intensifies]
[Daimyo gasps]
[crackling]
[shimmering sound]
[bright shimmering pulse]
[groaning] So this is how it feels…
Change.
[fizzling]
[birds chirping]
Does this mean we won?
The monster was created
by the Daimyo's power.
It could only have been destroyed
if that power is no more.
We won!
[chuckles]
[yelling] We won!
We won!
Yeah!
-Whoo!
[all cheering, laughing]
Perhaps.
But if this is victory, what is the cost?
Yassan, we did it. We beat her!
Yassan?
Yassan!
[jangling]
[sobbing heavily]
[soft shimmering sound]
[bright shimmering sound]
[pulsating shimmering notes]
-[inhales sharply]
-[Saki gasps]
[grunts]
[sighs] What happened?
You saved me.
We do that for each other kind of a lot.
The Daimyo…
You're standing.
You aren't sick anymore.
Yeah, you're right.
I feel better somehow.
[hesitates] More balanced.
[Daimyo, weakly] Not for long.
[rasping, breathless]
Soon you will want more and more.
So much that it will take a whole world
to sustain you.
No, I'm not like you.
I have friends.
My body… Flames rage inside it.
Samurai, dispatch me quickly
from this realm.
The people you tormented
will decide your fate.
[groans weakly]
[man 1] Collect all their weapons.
-[man 2] Check those knots.
-[man 1] You, get more bandages.
[man 2] No one is safe.
[men panting]
-[man 3] I'm on my way!
-[man 4] Let's move this.
[man 5] You, come on.
Right here. Get me some help.
[man 3] Where's the medic?
[Saki] Morisuke!
[running footsteps]
[panting, grunts]
Saki, I thought you…
So, you did it, then.
You truly defeated her.
No. We did.
[chuckles softly]
Ah. Finally been paid, I see, Achoja.
[chuckles] I guess
I owe you some kind of thanks.
This is the most successful job
I have ever done.
[all laughing]
[Achoja grunting happily]
[birds chirping]
[sighs] I don't know.
Are you sure we should've come back?
It's your home.
[Saki] Where is everyone?
Hmm?
It's all right, everyone.
It's Saki and the boatsman.
-They've come back.
-[overlapping murmurs]
Sorry about the greeting.
We've been getting visits
from some of the Daimyo's old units,
trying to jockey for power.
But we showed them where to go!
[laughter]
We heard it was you
that took down the Daimyo.
Never been prouder of one of our own!
One of… your own?
You got a fruit tree for life at my stand!
As long as you don't blow it up again.
You're a badass, Saki!
How'd you do it? Was it like, "Bam"?
Or was it like, "Ka-thunka-boom"?
What? You knock me unconscious
with one psychic blast
and suddenly we're not friends anymore?
[chuckles softly]
[sighs, laughing]
I was sure you would hate me forever!
Ichi told us what happened.
We owe you so much
for what you did for this land.
We all do.
Come on, Dad. Ask her!
[clears throat]
If you need a place to stay,
we would be honored if you would--
[gasps] Really?
Yes!
-Oh!
-[Saki sighs]
So that means you're back?
It was never my home.
It was my retreat.
One which I no longer need.
I suppose I could stay
a little bit longer. [chuckles]
Just until your training is finished.
I almost forgot!
-Saki, I--
-She would want you to have it.
It was your mother's.
You could come bring it
back to me, when I'm older.
[chuckles softly]
Come on, Saki!
Let me show you my new toys!
People give you so much stuff
when you almost die!
[chuckles]
-[Ichiro] Yeah, seriously, come on!
-[chuckling]
[jangles]
[mellow music playing]
[dramatic music plays]
[music softens]
[music fades]
[crickets chirping]
-[bird calling]
-[serene music plays]
MARU
[footsteps approach]
I remember you.
You are the African who protected me
from Ota Gyuichi that day on the docks.
It all seems so long ago.
[sighs] I guess that it was.
NATSUMARU
Was it also you who sent my family
the chest of Nobunaga's gold?
I always thought it must have been you.
You were the only one
she spoke of as a friend.
[Yasuke] There was something else.
Something I should have given you then.
If you have this,
does that mean…
W-- Were you with her, at the end?
Tell me.
[shakily] How did she die?
[quavering] She died with honor.
She died fighting for her clan.
[sighs, sniffles]
Thank you for returning--
Uh… Huh?
-[birds chirping]
-[uplifting melodic music playing]
[jangles]
[music swells passionately]
[music fades]